Yes Hi I 'm in this video find a deficit in an instant the product dk at once
We will introduce the operation to make it ready
First of all, this is the screen after rhythm x-login.
This is a list of products that have been exhibited in the United States
There are some products with such a profit in the red
Even if this product is sold as it is, it will be in the red
I want to search for items in the red and change to a state where I can make a profit
There is a narrowing menu at the top of this screen
Profit is negative here
Cutlet
Here, because there is a commodity that is calculated on the profit in it is under exhibition in wave angel has become bogged
It is under exhibition and is a deficit product
Click to narrow down I would like to narrow down
a so Then goods become deficit also sold this leave It is currently 4 reviews deficit
It will be present I would like to maintain this and make it profitable
I will
First of all, we will also change the price at once, so if you check this check box
All products can be checked
In that state, there is a button that lets you nail nails , so let's raise the price.
Click on the button
Hmm
When you raise energy
Many times N
Now that prices are changing , all products can now be profitable
If you make a batch change, only some products will be in this form
The slave contract may become very large, so in that case individually here
so
Please change to the amount of money you think is appropriate
If it is ok, it is a button that reflects the change
Click here
This price information is sent to the Amazon by the fact that the cause of the loss is both late
The product will not be in the red but the maintenance of the product is complete
I just search , change the price and send it to sweet vinegar .
You can also search next to the other functions here, narrow down here . This search is product name
a degree of progress
You can search by Jancode sku
For example, as an example
Even those who have put on the date of exhibition on sku
If you want to search for that sku, for example
In the case of me, because we cut off by the date
14/01/05 day
If the want to find the ones that were opened when you want to search have the original box input to
These are
If you put the ice ku 24 0705
You can also search by sku
The yellow area here is also used earlier
Products checked in bulk
If you want to change it at once, you can change the price to the lowest price or reduce the price
It is a button to raise the price or batch change of stock quantity again
It is that under the collective change of shipping dates
Change the product which checked this at once, and the button to reflect not change here
If you can change the information in a month by clicking
It will be said
Yes it was easy, but it exceeded the maintenance and narrowing search of fire products
Raised to price cuts
Thank you for explaining the function.